Prepare for 2.6.0 release for Oracle (#47)
3scale/3scale-amp-openshift-templates: amp/system-oracle/README.md

patch -p1 < workaround-non-cdb-2.5-upgrade/dockerfile.patch
```

> On 3scale 2.6+, there is no need to aooly a workaround patch for Non Containerized database

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On 3scale 2.6+, there is no need to apply a workaround patch for Non Containerized database
```

Author: Thanks @guicassolato

> On 3scale 2.6+, there is no need to aooly a workaround patch for Non Containerized database

Author: ```suggestion
On 3scale 2.6+, there is no need to apply any workaround patch for Non Containerized database
```
